1.1	What does SDLC stand for?
SDLC stands for Software Development Life Cycle

1.2	What exception is thrown when you divide a number by 0?
ZeroDivisionError exception is thrown when you divide a number by 0

1.3   What is the git command that moves code from the local repository to the remote 
repository? 
git push would moves code from the local repository to the remote 
repository

1.4 What does NULL represent in a database? 
NULL represents the absence of a value in a field.

1.5 Name 2 responsibilities of the Scrum Master 
1. A Scrum Master ensures the team's organisation, focus, and alignment with key objectives
   e.g via daily stand ups.
2. Scrum Masters are also responsible for removing hurdles and safeguarding the team from
   disruptions that can hinder the progress of the team.

1.6 Name 2 debugging methods, and when you would use them.
1. One debugging method is the use of Print Statements. They can log variable values and
   function outputs to be able to track specific values at different points in the code.
2. Another debugging method would be the use of Breakpoints. They allow you to pause the 
   execution of a program at specific points to inspect the current state of the variables 
   for instance. 

1.7 Looking at the following code, describe a case where this function
           would throw an error when called. Describe this case and talk about
           what exception handling you’ll need. 
    
    If either the price or the cash_given parameters are not numerical values, attempting a 
    comparison using the >= operator could raise a TypeError. A try-except block can handle 
    it the error more gracefully by displaying a message such as prompting the user to enter
    correct values or data types for instance

def can_pay(price, cash_given):
    try:
        if cash_given >= price:
            return True
        else:
            return False
    except TypeError as e:
        print(f"Error: {e}. Please provide numerical values for price and cash_given.")


1.8 What is git branching? Explain how it is used in Git. 
It enables developers to create separate branches from the main branch, with the command: git checkout -b (branch-name). This makes it possible to work on isolated code, fix bugs or working on new features without affecting the main codebase directly. This is useful for collaborative work when each team member can work on their own branch, make necessary changes and merge back into the main branch.


1.9 Design a restaurant ordering system. 
           You do not need to write code, but describe a high-level approach: 
a.	Draw a list of key requirements
b.	What are your main considerations and problems?
c.	What components or tools would you potentially use? 

a. 
- A secure payment processing to ensure that customers can securely pay for their orders, whether they're ordering online or in person.

- Keep track of the restaurant's inventory and automatically update it to make managing supplies easier.

- Real-time communication of orders to kitchen and bar staff so that orders get to the kitchen and bar staff right away so they can start preparing them promptly.

- Create a user-friendly system for managing the menu, which should include different categories of food and drinks.

b. 
Some main consideration are to make sure the system can handle busy times without crashing or slowing down, so customers don't have to wait too long for their food. Also, another point to consider is how to keep customer data safe from any cyber threats, especially sensitive information like payment details. Additionally, it is important to design the system to be easy for everyone to use, considering accessibility for people with different needs and preferences.

c.
Components or tools are essential, for example the use a modern and adaptable front-end framework like React to create an engaging and interactive platform for customers to place their orders.

Moreover, utilising a reliable and secure database management system such as PostgreSQL to efficiently organise and manage crucial data like menus, customer information, and transaction records.
	
In addition, to be able to integrate a trusted and secure payment gateway such as PayPal that meets industry standards for safe online transactions as well as supporting various payment methods including credit cards, digital wallets, and mobile payments.







